Updated language in docs for global UI project (#6461)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/microsoft-fabric-qs.md

## Connect dbt Cloud to Microsoft Fabric

> 1. Create a new project in dbt Cloud. Navigate to **Account settings** (by going to your account name in the left side menu), and click **+ New Project**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new project in dbt Cloud. Navigate to **Account settings** (by clicking on your account name in the left side menu), and click **+ New Project**.
```
